requests/2026-09-07-enable-member-deletion.md — browser evidence, 08-Sep-2026

Fixtures build (EXPO_NO_DOTENV=1 CI=1 npx expo export --platform web), served from dist
on :8137 by a static server that maps /member/<id> onto member/[id].html the way a real
host does, driven by Playwright 1.63 / Chromium at 1440x900, dark and light, on
/members. Divya Ramesh (fixture id 1, Prenatal Flow) is the member removed.

What PASS means here: the bin is on her card and names her in its accessible label; it
opens a confirmation that asks by name and states what SURVIVES as well as what goes;
Cancel leaves the register exactly as it was; Remove takes her off it and nobody else;
the toast names her by first name and says plainly that only this device was written;
and a link to a member who is not on the register is answered in words rather than an
empty card.

THE THEME TRAP, and why there is a check for it. ThemeProvider defaults to dark
OUTRIGHT — `useState<ThemeMode>('dark')`, not 'system' — so Playwright's colorScheme
option changes nothing on its own. The first run of this script reported a clean sweep
across "both themes" while rendering dark twice (identical rgb(8,4,10) background and
rgb(23,10,20) dialog card in both). The stored preference is what the app actually
reads, so that is what is set now, and the last check FAILS the run if the two passes
paint the same background. Both figures are printed so the difference is checkable
rather than asserted.

WHAT THIS DOES NOT PROVE. This is the fixtures build, so the write went to the offline
member list and the toast says so — that is the branch being exercised, deliberately,
and it is why the sentence reads "on this device only". The live branch is proven
elsewhere and separately: delete_member exists in production with the right posture
(0044, applied 07-Sep-2026), and the four outcome sentences including the live one are
asserted in src/data/memberRemoval.test.ts. A removal against the live academy database
has still not been done by anyone.

Page errors: none on any route in either theme.

ALL 29 CHECKS PASSED.


== dark  url=http://127.0.0.1:8137/members
   painted background rgb(8, 4, 10)
   roster before: 8 members
PASS  dark: the bin is on her card and names her  aria="Remove Divya Ramesh"
   dialog card background rgb(23, 10, 20)
   dialog: Remove Divya Ramesh? She comes off the register and off every follow-up list, and her enrolment in Prenatal Flow ends today. Her attendance history stays: every session she was marked at is untouched. Her email address is freed for whoever holds it next. Recorded in the audit log. Cancel Remove
PASS  dark: the confirmation asks by name
PASS  dark: it states what SURVIVES, not only what goes
PASS  dark: it names the enrolment that ends
PASS  dark: it says the email address is freed
PASS  dark: it says the removal is recorded
PASS  dark: both answers are offered
PASS  dark: Cancel leaves her on the register  8 members, still listed
PASS  dark: she is off the roster
PASS  dark: the roster is exactly one shorter  8 -> 7
   toast: Divya removed on this device only. The academy database is not configured.
PASS  dark: the toast says the academy database was NOT written  fixtures build — this is the offline branch
PASS  dark: it addresses her by first name, not her full record
PASS  dark: nobody else was removed  Shazia Begum, Aarthi Venkat, Lakshmi Priya
PASS  dark: an id that is not on the register is told plainly  That member is not on the register. She may have been removed since this link was opened.

== light  url=http://127.0.0.1:8137/members
   painted background rgb(244, 238, 242)
   roster before: 8 members
PASS  light: the bin is on her card and names her  aria="Remove Divya Ramesh"
   dialog card background rgb(255, 255, 255)
   dialog: Remove Divya Ramesh? She comes off the register and off every follow-up list, and her enrolment in Prenatal Flow ends today. Her attendance history stays: every session she was marked at is untouched. Her email address is freed for whoever holds it next. Recorded in the audit log. Cancel Remove
PASS  light: the confirmation asks by name
PASS  light: it states what SURVIVES, not only what goes
PASS  light: it names the enrolment that ends
PASS  light: it says the email address is freed
PASS  light: it says the removal is recorded
PASS  light: both answers are offered
PASS  light: Cancel leaves her on the register  8 members, still listed
PASS  light: she is off the roster
PASS  light: the roster is exactly one shorter  8 -> 7
   toast: Divya removed on this device only. The academy database is not configured.
PASS  light: the toast says the academy database was NOT written  fixtures build — this is the offline branch
PASS  light: it addresses her by first name, not her full record
PASS  light: nobody else was removed  Shazia Begum, Aarthi Venkat, Lakshmi Priya
PASS  light: an id that is not on the register is told plainly  That member is not on the register. She may have been removed since this link was opened.

PASS  the two runs actually rendered DIFFERENT themes  dark rgb(8, 4, 10) vs light rgb(244, 238, 242)

ALL CHECKS PASSED
